Dad, why are you hitting me?
It's all this kid. They are all Fu'er.
Hou Fu punished this person
Is it expensive to stay outside every day for Hou Fu?
I don't know Shang Fei, it's all him
It was he who changed our family's publicity
Even pretending to be
I don't have to charge the door anymore.
You raised your face and wiped out your hands
He must also be convicted
I prove that he said he was offended
I'm very curious.
Do you have the courage?
condemned me
You still have such courage dad?
You are a toy
Protector, you still dare to claim the throne, right?
I tell you
Don’t talk about it alive today
You punish me here
Which sin did you suffer from?
Who would you write this letter to?
Is there some misunderstanding here?
Misunderstanding is a common problem in our family
The boss of the meal sent
You hide the same thing and don’t look at it
You are the same no matter what
You don't have to change your mind
You don’t have to talk, right?
It’s just that we have a super big one at home.
Color along the way
It's the two of you who are brave
I don't have any identity to speak here.
you know
What is his identity?